I'm going to do here is that I'm going to use the NLP library,
and this downloads a pre-trained pipeline.
This understands the English language and knows a lot about English,
and it can tell you what each word type is.
What I go is we get this basic pipeline,
and we say BP which is the basic pipeline of annotate,
and you give it a data frame,
and you say in this data frame,
I'm interested to annotate this column which is the title column.
You get back and annotated data frame that looks like this.
I don't know how much you're familiar with NLP.
There are processes like tokenization, lemmatization,
normalization, and one of them is called part of speech tagging.
We are going to be interested here in the part of speech tagging,
and let me show you what happens.
It gives you something that looks like that.
So I'm going to select the pulse.
So we have here one, two, three, four,
and I want the column which is called pos.
Pos actually is an array,
and it has a struct,
and the struct has the metadata,
so I need this metadata.
So I'm going to select that,
and I'm going to get the list for Microsoft is a word,
is a word, is a word. I get that.
I didn't need NLP to tell me this.
But here is the interesting part.
It tells me here that this is a proper noun or this is a verb for said, it is a verb.
For has, it's a PRP preposition or I don't know, I'm not doing grammar.
You have here nouns.
Actually, there is a place where if you Googled part of speech tagging,
you will find that these acronyms exactly what they tell you,
what we are interested in the proper noun like Microsoft,
we're not interested in said,
or it, or has,
we're interested in the NLP being the nouns,
and the NNS which might be actually plurals of that.
If I remember that terms correctly.